update how-search-parameters-work.md (#923)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Search/how-search-parameters-work.md

`www.store.com/shoes`

The browsing filters also have specific URLs defined by certain parameters in the URL, which can follow one of these options:

- [Default 1](#default-1): Valid only for Legacy CMS Portal stores.

> - [Default 2](#default-2): Valid for Legacy CMS Portal and VTEX IO stores. Recommended for best performance results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Default 2](#default-2): Valid for Legacy CMS Portal and Store Framework stores. Recommended for best performance results.
```

Reviewer: Em algum momento esse conceito de VTEX IO store pode começar a se tornar confuso. Acho que vale padronizar para Store Framework stores. Se tiver dúvidas do pq, fala comigo

## Default 1

> > ⚠️ This option works only for Legacy CMS Portal stores. Refer to [Default 2](#default-2) for VTEX IO stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This option works only for Legacy CMS Portal stores. Refer to [Default 2](#default-2) for Store Framework stores.
```

Where:

- **C:\[DepartmentId/CategoryId/SubcategoryId]:** Shows products of a specific category based on the IDs indicated for the department, category, and subcategory. This code appears next to category names in **Products** > **Catalog** > **Categories**. ![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/how-search-parameters-work-2.png)

  > ℹ️ The category ID can also be found on your edit page at the end of the URL.

- **B:[BrandId]:** Shows products from a specific brand based on the indicated ID. This code is shown at the end of the URL, on the page used for changing the brand, in**Products**>**Catalog**>**Brands**. ![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/how-search-parameters-work-3.png)
- **H:[CollectionId]**: Shows products of a specific collection based on the indicated ID. This code is indicated when editing a collection in**Store setup** > **CMS** > **Layout** > **CMS** > **Product Clusters (Collections)**. ![](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/how-search-parameters-work-4.png)

>   > ⚠️ There are two ways to configure collections: through the CMS or the Collections module (Beta). This article explains how to [configure collections through the CMS](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/adding-collections-cms--2YBy6P6X0NFRpkD2ZBxF6L).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > ⚠️ There are two ways to configure collections: through the Legacy CMS Portal or the Collections module (Beta). This article explains how to [configure collections through the Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/adding-collections-cms--2YBy6P6X0NFRpkD2ZBxF6L).
```

Reviewer: Fiquei em dúvida com "this article". O artigo atual ou o do link? 
Sugiro algo como:
Refer to [Adding collections CMS](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/adding-collections-cms--2YBy6P6X0NFRpkD2ZBxF6L) for more information on...

>   > ⚠️ There are two ways to configure collections: through the CMS or the Collections module (Beta). This article explains how to [configure collections through the CMS](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/adding-collections-cms--2YBy6P6X0NFRpkD2ZBxF6L).

Author: ```suggestion
  > ⚠️ There are two ways to configure collections: through the Legacy CMS Portal or the Collections module (Beta). Refer to [Adding collections CMS](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/adding-collections-cms--2YBy6P6X0NFRpkD2ZBxF6L) for more information on how to configure collections through the Legacy CMS Portal.
```

- **spec_fct_[ProductFieldId/Sku]:[SearchValue]:** Shows products whose product or SKU field value, with the indicated ID, is equal to the entered value. This code can be found on the page for changing a product/SKU field at the end of the URL.

  ```txt
  https://store.myvtex.com/admin/Site/ProdutoForm.aspx?id=93
  ```

  Below is an example of how to use this field:

  ```txt
  www.store.com.br/busca/?fq=spec_fct_1:110v
  ```

  In the example above, all products whose **Voltage**(ID **1**) field is **110v** would be displayed.

- **ft=[SearchTerm]**: This parameter represents a full-text search (for example, searching a specific term in the search field) of the specified term based on the other indicated parameters.

The parameters above can be matched in many ways. However, note that the search order will follow the order of the indicated parameters. In other words, when you use a category parameter followed by a brand parameter, the category will be searched first. Then, a second search will be made for the brand among the category results.

## Default 2

> > ℹ️ Stores hosted in VTEX IO must use Default 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ Store Framework stores must use Default 2.
```
